---
title: "Some People Just Like Drama"
date: 2024-09-12T21:25:21+07:00
draft: true
---

Have you ever know people that make a little problem big? Something that should be simple and they made it complicated. Yes I have and these people made the situation uneasy and disturb the peace. Like in my workplace, there are a few but very loud coworkers who banded together to made every insignificant things like a very critical situations where it must be fixed and they are the right ones and the rest of us is the wrong ones who didnt do our jobs properly so the have to brought up the case in every meetings so the can feel that they are the superiors.

Like in this particular case, where this supposedly a superior employees protested that the other team not doing their jobs properly. It all started when there were procurement inspections by some agency into our company, so to put it succinctly, we are specialized in procuring stuff for our company, and there are many procedures and SOP to follow to do our jobs, and occasinally there is this particular agency who has authority to do inspections for our works. In this ongoing inspections, they required us to submits documents pertaining the procurements we have done, and the requests came several times in quite short periods with one or several days gap. I by chance became of the member in the team whose tasks was to coordinate the collections of documents required by this agency. But this type of inspections are very common and done anually, so many of us already used to this. But I don't know what crossed their minds of these supposedly supperior employees who deemed that we did't do our jobs properly, because our boss already handled the requests by herself already and there were no problems actually that need to be considered important. So they made commotions in company whatsapp group saying that this inspections came non stop and they got no help from my team. But the problem was we got no instructions from our boss wether it was document inquiry from the inspection ageny to be worked on, and assessed from the situations, actually no problems arised that time.
